ROS 1 manager bt dosc (#126)
husarion/panther_ros: panther_manager/README.md

- `/panther/hardware/io_state` [*panther_msgs/IOState*]: state of IO pins.

> - `/panther/system_status` [*panther_msgs/SystemStatus*]: state of system including CPU temperature and load.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/panther/system_status` [*panther_msgs/SystemStatus*]: state of the system including CPU temperature and load.
```

- `~lights/low_battery_threshold_percent` [*float*, default: **0.4**]: if the battery percentage drops below this value, animation indicating a low battery state will start being displayed.
- `~lights/update_charging_anim_step` [*float*, default: **0.1**]: percentage value representing a step for updating the charging battery animation.
- `~plugin_libs` [*list*, default: **Empty list**]: list with names of plugins that are used in BT project.
- `~ros_plugin_libs` [*list*, default: **Empty list**]: list with names of ROS plugins that are used in a BT project. 
- `~safety/cpu_fan_off_temp` [*float*, default: **60.0**]: temperature in **deg C** of CPU, below which the fan is turned off.
- `~safety/cpu_fan_on_temp` [*float*, default: **70.0**]: temperature in **deg C** of CPU, above which the fan is turned on.
- `~safety/critical_bat_temp` [*float*, default: **59.0**]: extends `high_bat_temp` by turning off AUX power.
- `~safety/driver_fan_off_temp` [*float*, default: **35.0**]: temperature in **deg C** of any drivers below which the fan is turned off.
- `~safety/driver_fan_on_temp` [*float*, default: **45.0**]: temperature in **deg C** of any drivers above which the fan is turned on.

> - `~safety/fatal_bat_temp` [*float*, default: **62.0**]: temperature of battery above which robot is shutdown.
> - `~safety/high_bat_temp` [*float*, default: **55.0**]: temperature of battery above which robots starts displaying warning log and e-stop is triggered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `~safety/fatal_bat_temp` [*float*, default: **62.0**]:  battery temperature above which the robot is shutdown.
- `~safety/high_bat_temp` [*float*, default: **55.0**]: battery temperature above which robot starts displaying warning log and e-stop is triggered.
```

> - `~shutdown_hosts_file` [*string*, default: **None**]: path to a YAML file containing list of hosts to request shutdown. To correctly format the YAML file, include a **hosts** field consisting of a list with the following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `~shutdown_hosts_file` [*string*, default: **None**]: path to a YAML file containing a list of hosts to request shutdown. To correctly format the YAML file, include a **hosts** field consisting of a list with the following fields:
```

> - `/panther/system_status` [*panther_msgs/SystemStatus*]: information about internal computer CPU temperature, utilization, disc and RAM usage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `/panther/system_status` [*panther_msgs/SystemStatus*]: information about internal computer CPU temperature, utilization, disc, and RAM usage.
```

## BehaviorTree

For a BehaviorTree project to work correctly, it must contain three trees with names as described below. However, if any of the parameters (`~launch_lights_tree`, `~launch_safety_tree`, `~launch_shutdown_tree`) is set to false, the corresponding tree becomes unnecessary and can be omitted from the project. Files with trees XML descriptions can be shared between projects. Each tree is provided with a set of default blackboard entries (described below) which can be used to specify the behavior of a given tree.

### Nodes

#### Actions

- `CallSetBoolService` - allows calling standard **std_srvs/SetBool** ROS service. Provided ports are:

>   - `data` [*input*, *bool*, default: **None**]: service data - true / false value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `data` [*input*, *bool*, default: **None**]: service data - `true` or `false` value.
```

  - `service_name` [*input*, *string*, default: **None**]: ROS service name.
  - `timeout` [*input*, *unsigned*, default: **100**]: time in seconds to wait for service to become available.
- `CallSetLedAnimationService` - allows calling custom type **panther_msgs/SetLEDAnimation** ROS service. Provided ports are:
  - `id` [*input*, *unsigned*, default: **None**]: animation ID.
  - `param` [*input*, *string*, default: **None**]: optional parameter.
  - `repeating` [*input*, *bool*, default: **false**]: indicates if animation should repeat.
  - `service_name` [*input*, *string*, default: **None**]: ROS service name.
  - `timeout` [*input*, *unsigned*, default: **100**]: time in seconds to wait for service to become available.
- `CallTriggerService` - allows calling standard **std_srvs/Trigger** ROS service. Provided ports are:
  - `service_name` [*input*, *string*, default: **None**]: ROS service name.
  - `timeout` [*input*, *unsigned*, default: **100**]: time in seconds to wait for service to become available.

> - `ShutdownHostsFromFile` - allows to shutdown devices based on a YAML file. Returns `SUCCESS` only when a YAML file is valid and shutdown of all defined host was successful. Provided ports are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ShutdownHostsFromFile` - allows to shutdown of devices based on a YAML file. Returns `SUCCESS` only when a YAML file is valid and the shutdown of all defined hosts was successful. Provided ports are:
```

  - `shutdown_host_file` [*input*, *string*, default: **None**]: global path to YAML file with hosts to shutdown.

> - `ShutdownSingleHost` - allows to shutdown single device. Will return `SUCCESS` only when the device was successfuly shutdown. Provided ports are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ShutdownSingleHost` - allows to shutdown single device. Will return `SUCCESS` only when the device was successfully shutdown. Provided ports are:
```

  - `user` [*input*, *string*, default: **None**]: user to log into while executing shutdown command.
- `SignalShutdown` - signals shutdown of the robot. Provided ports are:
  - `message` [*input*, *string*, default: **None**]: message with reason for robot to shutdown.

#### Decorators

- `TickAfterTimeout` - will skip a child until the specified time has passed. It can be used to specify the frequency at which a node or subtree is triggered. Provided ports are:
  - `timeout` [*input*, *unsigned*, default: **None**]: time in seconds to wait before ticking child again.

### Trees

#### Lights 

Tree responsible for scheduling animations displayed on LED panels, based on the Husarion Panther robot's system state.

<p align="center">
  <img align="center" src="./docs/lights_tree.png">
</p>

Default blackboard entries:
- `battery_percent` [*float*, defautl: **None**]: moving average of battery percentage.
- `battery_percent_round` [*string*, default: **None**] battery percentage raunded to a value specified with `~lights/update_charging_anim_step` parameter and casted to string.
- `battery_status` [*unsigned*, defautl: **None**]: current battery status.

> - `charging_anim_percent` [*string*, default: **None**]: value of charging animation battery percentage casted to string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `charging_anim_percent` [*string*, default: **None**]: the charging animation battery percentage value, cast to a string.
```

Default constant blackboard entries:
- `CPU_FAN_OFF_TEMP` [*float*, default: **60.0**]: refers to `cpu_fan_off_temp` ROS parameter.
- `CPU_FAN_ON_TEMP` [*float*, default: **70.0**]: refers to `cpu_fan_on_temp` ROS parameter.
- `CRITICAL_BAT_TEMP` [*float*, default: **59.0**]: refers to `critical_bat_temp` ROS parameter.
- `DRIVER_FAN_OFF_TEMP` [*float*, default: **35.0**]: refers to `driver_fan_off_temp` ROS parameter.
- `DRIVER_FAN_ON_TEMP` [*float*, default: **45.0**]: refers to `driver_fan_on_temp` ROS parameter.
- `FATAL_BAT_TEMP` [*float*, default: **62.0**]: refers to `fatal_bat_temp` ROS parameter.
- `HIGH_BAT_TEMP` [*float*, default: **55.0**]: refers to `high_bat_temp` ROS parameter.

#### Shutdown 

Tree responsible for graceful shutdown of robot components, user computers, and the built-in computer. By default, it will proceed to shutdown all computers defined in a YAML file with a path defined by the `~shutdown_host_file` ROS parameter.

<p align="center">
  <img src="./docs/shutdown_tree.png">
</p>

Default constant blackboard entries:
  - `SHUTDOWN_HOSTS_FILE` [*string*, default: **None**]: refers to `shutdown_hosts_file` ROS parameter.

> ### Modyfying behavior trees

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Modifying behavior trees
```
